Dxl master (#5735)
demisto/content: Integrations/McAfee-TIE/McAfee-TIE_description.md

## Prerequisites - Connect to McAfee Threat Intelligence Exchange (TIE) using the DXL TIE Client

> To connect the McAfee TIE using the DXL TIE client, you need to create certificates and configure DXL. Fore mor information, see the [Create certificates & configure dxl](https://github.com/demisto/content/blob/master/Integrations/McAfee_DXL/create_keys/create_and_upload_RSA_keys_for_DXL.md). After you complete this configuration, you will have the following files:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To connect the McAfee TIE using the DXL TIE client, you need to create certificates and configure DXL. For morק information, see the [Create certificates & configure dxl](https://github.com/demisto/content/blob/master/Integrations/McAfee_DXL/create_keys/create_and_upload_RSA_keys_for_DXL.md). After you complete this configuration, you will have the following files:
```
